K-Girls Flyover Special for International Clients

Wouldn’t it be fun to entertain Gorgeous Korean girls locally? Party Korean Girls and earn bragging right to your friends. 
Seoul is beauty trendsetter of World, and its latest style evolves around clock.

No need to envy Korea, Now we can party with Korean Girls at home.
We are located in Seoul, Korea which is in fact only few hour distance to China(via Flight)!
Anywhere in China, Beijing, Hong Kong, Shanghai, we get there few hours

All appointment must be overnight(all-day) only, it is all flyover session. 
Our price is competitive compared to other local agencies’ overnight charge, Let the adventure begin


*Client side must arrange flight ticket, 
Unlike some questionable agencies with shady systems, we provide service with profile on TER, accurate picture and honesty. 


JEWEL OF KOREA & SERVING WORLD WIDE 
SPECIAL RATE FOR OVERSEA - Please inquire 
http://www.bohemianescort.com

Inquiry Accepted 24 Hours
Incalls & Outcalls
Oversea Inquiries Welcome 

KAKAO&LINE&SKYPE TELEGRAM&WECHAT 

bohemianescort 

WHATSAPP: +821057233871 
Phone: 01057233871(Domestic)
821057233871(International)

Hello handsome!

Superior quality of girls give you breeze so clear, crisp and so refreshing and Wonderful!
We will catered to your needs!

Who wants to pay money to feel like trashed? You say bye to fugly creatures and monsters other agencies dump on you and lets us welcome you to sexy and beautiful companions.

Excellent and very selective in our choosing, we offer premium service for those who ask!

More and more foreigner now visit Korea now I see and there is demand for high end girls. These guys are wealthy but lonely and not well served in the time spend in Korea. Perhaps, I can help them with my service.

Some of their previous clientele includes 
Fund Manager, Trustfund Baby, Generals, Superstar Athletes, Diplomats, Actors, Multinational CEOs, Head of States, Musicians, DJs, Lawyers, Scholars, Doctors,

If outside of Seoul little scheduling and longer session may be required 
We serve anywhere in Seoul and also, country side. International travel can be also arranged. However, All operation is from Gangnam, Korea.

*Oversea Customers welcome!! We offer All-night service only for oversea customers** 
Poster's age: 25

• Location: Beijing, Chengdu, Chongqing, Dalian, Guangzhou, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Shanghai, Shenyang, Shenzhen, Wuhan, Xi'an

• Post ID: 4259148 beijing
